if the LED light flashed blue there are
two common causes search for the cause
as follows first check all wire
connections at the charging station and
also whether they have been connected
correctly left wire left plug right wire
right plug connection guide wire the
second possible cause is the connection
of the boundary to the guide wire please
check and if in doubt use a new coupler
after checking all these points the
light should turn green if not please
contact Gardena service the wire may be
damaged or cut by the robotic lawnmower
or other garden work as the wire is
invisible after a few months it can be
tricky to locate the damage here is a
useful searching method take remaining
boundary wire for the test
at the end attach a charging station
connector replace one end of the
boundary wire with the test wire pull
the new wire to the middle of the
boundary wire cut the wire from the roll
and also the boundary wire use a
connector and reconnect all three wires
if you pull the left connector from the
charging station you will now be able to
see if the right part of the boundary
wire is broken or not if the light turns
steady green you now know that the
problem is in the left part of the
boundary wire cut the test wire and
secure the coupler on the ground
now do the same in the middle of the
broken part finally you have narrowed
down the area in which to search for the
defective wire when you have found the
broken wire you repair it like this
sometimes there is not enough wire
length for working then you need to add
a bit extra wire with another coupler